Remove FP16 specific models from imagenet example (#6215)
chainer/chainer: examples/imagenet/README.md

The text format is equivalent to what Caffe uses for ImageDataLayer.
This example currently does not include dataset preparation script.

This example requires "mean file" which is computed by `compute_mean.py`:

```
python compute_mean.py <path to training list>
python train_imagenet.py <path to training list> <path to validation list>
```

> With `CHAINER_DTYPE` environment variable, you can run the example with FP16 mode:

Author: Okay, I will change it to use a command line argument!

> With the `CHAINER_DTYPE` environment variable, you can run the example in FP16 mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `--dtype` argument, you can run the example in FP16 mode:
```

```

> CHAINER_DTYPE=float16 python train_imagenet.py <path to training list> <path to validation list>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python train_imagenet.py --dtype float16 <path to training list> <path to validation list>
```
